# CS230-Operating-Platforms
The Gaming Room was our client and consists of a gaming application that was initially created for Android systems.
The Gaming Room wanted to expand their user base by bringing the application to other platforms such as Windows, Mac and Linux as well as mobile platforms to garner a larger user base.
Developing this documentation I found that my strong suit was finding new information and the use cases for the variety of platforms and coming to the conclusion and finding a proper recommendation for the client on their server side platform choice as well as the architecture involved.
Working through the design document I found it insightful to see the general scope of the code and get an overall understanding of what to work towards to reach the end goal for the customer.
If I could choose one part of my work on these documetns to revise I would pick the evaluation of the different platforms I feel like there could have been a more indepth approach taken further than what was put forward.
I interpreted the user's needs and implemented them into the software design by ensuring the use of a Singleton class I found that was a major contributor towards their needs and ensured no duplication in player information in the use of the application.
It is important to consider the user's needs when designing because you want to retain the user's as well as garner a larger user base and that is done by ensuring a smooth user experience whether it be through easy to use and understand user interfaces or maximizing the performance of the application to accomodate weaker systems.
I approached the design aspect of the software by ensuring the needs of the customer while thinking of the user experience, prioritizing the most important aspects of the application development process.
